Use OZ's upgradeable contracts for `PluginCloneable`, remove `DaoAuthorizableCloneable` and `DaoAuthorizableBase`, and make `dao` private (#241)
aragon/core: packages/contracts/CHANGELOG.md

## [UPCOMING]

### Added

### Changed

- Use OZ's upgradeable contracts for `PluginCloneable`.

> - Renamed `getDAO` to `dao` and make `dao` variable as private.

Author: ```suggestion
- Renamed `getDAO()` to `dao()` and changed the `dao` state variable mutability to private.
```
